README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img alt="icon" height="128" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jsmolka/eggvance/master/eggvance/icon/icon.png">
</div>

# eggvance
A Game Boy Advance emulator.

## Usage
A game can be started by either passing it as a command line argument or dropping it in the opened window. Even though the included [BIOS](https://github.com/Nebuleon/ReGBA/tree/master/bios) should be enough to run most games, it is recommended to use the original. Its location and many other things can be customized in the [config](https://github.com/jsmolka/eggvance/blob/master/eggvance/eggvance.toml). Windows binaries for the latest release can be found [here](https://github.com/jsmolka/eggvance/releases).

## Building
A C++17 compiler is required to build the emulator.

Clone the submodules.

```
git submodule update --init
```

### Windows
Install SDL2 with [vcpkg](https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg).

```
vcpkg install sdl2:x64-windows
vcpkg integrate install
```

Build the Visual Studio solution.

### Linux
Install SDL2 with the package manager.

```
sudo apt-get install libsdl2-dev
```

Build with CMake.

```
mkdir eggvance/build
cd eggvance/build/
cmake ..
make
```

### macOS
Install SDL2 with [homebrew](https://brew.sh/).

```
brew install sdl2
```

Build like on Linux.

## Issues
- no audio emulation
- no real-time clock emulation

## Credits
The following projects were invaluable resources while creating the emulator.
- [GBATEK](https://problemkaputt.de/gbatek.htm) and [No$GBA](https://problemkaputt.de/gba.htm) by Martin Korth
- [NanoboyAdvance](https://github.com/fleroviux/NanoboyAdvance) by fleroviux
- [GBE+](https://github.com/shonumi/gbe-plus) by shonumi
- [Tonc](https://www.coranac.com/tonc/text/toc.htm) by cearn

Commit message:

add linux and macos builds

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img alt="icon" height="128" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jsmolka/eggvance/master/eggvance/icon/icon.png">
</div>

# eggvance
A Game Boy Advance emulator.

## Usage
A game can be started by either passing it as a command line argument or dropping it in the opened window. Even though the included [BIOS](https://github.com/Nebuleon/ReGBA/tree/master/bios) should be enough to run most games, it is recommended to download the original one. Its location and many other things can be customized in the [config](https://github.com/jsmolka/eggvance/blob/master/eggvance/eggvance.toml).

## Binaries
Binaries for the latest commit can be found in the [actions](https://github.com/jsmolka/eggvance/actions) section. Click on the last build and download the artifacts in the top right corner. Please note that you will need to install SDL2 on Linux or macOS. Optimized Windows binaries for the latest release can be found [here](https://github.com/jsmolka/eggvance/releases).

## Building
A C++17 compiler is required to build the emulator.

Clone the submodules.

```
git submodule update --init
```

### Windows
Install SDL2 with [vcpkg](https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg).

```
vcpkg install sdl2:x64-windows
vcpkg integrate install
```

Build the Visual Studio solution.

### Linux
Install SDL2 with the package manager.

```
sudo apt-get install libsdl2-dev
```

Build with CMake.

```
mkdir eggvance/build
cd eggvance/build/
cmake ..
make
```

### macOS
Install SDL2 with [homebrew](https://brew.sh/).

```
brew install sdl2
```

Build like on Linux.

## Issues
- no audio emulation
- no real-time clock emulation

## Credits
The following projects were invaluable resources while creating the emulator.
- [GBATEK](https://problemkaputt.de/gbatek.htm) and [No$GBA](https://problemkaputt.de/gba.htm) by Martin Korth
- [NanoboyAdvance](https://github.com/fleroviux/NanoboyAdvance) by fleroviux
- [GBE+](https://github.com/shonumi/gbe-plus) by shonumi
- [Tonc](https://www.coranac.com/tonc/text/toc.htm) by cearn
